# Git Practice

[The Source of Readability](https://loup-vaillant.fr/articles/source-of-readability)

I've worked with code that I characterized as bad before, but I've never really been able to articulate what specifically made it bad. From having to DFS up 4 levels of parent classes to find the definition of a method, to working with files with 15 different 5 line functions, I just felt that this experience was frustrating. This article helped me name those burdens, and even better, explained why certain principles that are taught to us like "high cohesion, low coupling" in very readable, plain English terms with thoughtful code examples. One of my favorite tips from this article is "Don't waste vertical space". It's not something that is often shared as a rule but makes a lot of practical sense.

@wc2184 (William Chan):
I really enjoyed this article and thought it was incredibly actionable and practical for programmers. So many things are relatable, like the part where they talk about some folks thinking IDE support makes defining many separate functions far away from the point of use okay (like me). One of the biggest issues I have is a slow onboarding to any code or project where I have to Cmd + Click a couple times to do "Go To Definition" on my code editor in order to go to a different dimension or two before I see the source behavior 1000 lines away or in 2 nested folders away. This always makes me lose my train of thought and feels like I'm scrolling TikTok in terms of just how scattered my attention becomes. It makes total sense why people have a ton of monitors and argues that it is more productivity like this guy known for very strong opinions: [Alexey Guzey's "My Computer Setup"](https://guzey.com/my-computer-setup/) (in which he later [retracts and ends up preferring a single 16 inch monitor](https://guzey.com/2022-lessons/?utm_source=chatgpt.com#:~:text=The%20more%20the%20bigger%20monitors%20the%20better%20%2D%3E%20one%2016%22%20monitor%20is%20perfect.), but not really because he still thinks it's good for coding ). This monitor guy also had a quote that saids "if things fall out of my head when I don’t see them, why not just see all of them?" I think this also summarizes the core thesis of the "Source of Readibility"; the author's argument comes down to this fact: our working attention is limited, we can only see so much on the screen at once/hold things in our brain at any given time, therefore we should keep relevant code parts close, reduce vertical space, reduce unnecessary code, etc. I will definitely re-read this article if I get a full time job coding because it is just pound-for-pound extremely useful and I'm sure future coworkers would appreciate better code from me. 
